# KingsEscape-Unity

This project will be a design and development of the Kings and Pigs, a fun and interactive 2D game which has been developed with the help of Unity game engine . The features of multi-level structure, interactive NPC and procedurally generated environment make the game interesting both as single-player game. Using Unity environment, the most realistic physics, dynamic realistic characters’ movements, and Event-Driven system, the focus is made on thinking, reaction, and logical actions. The project incorporates an effective player statistics system of play time, enemies slain, bombs dropped, attacks made, and hits per kill ratio. All of these metrics are recorded live hence enable the assessment of a player’s performance and the future game play mechanics.

The design of the game is modular and scalable and thus could be easily upgraded for further additions to the game: addition of multiple players, cognitive AI for the different level of challenge for the players, generation of levels and physical obstacles for the game. Some level of ethics has also been applied in game design, for instance, by making sure that materials put in the game appropriately reflect different classes. The project well highlights the versatility of the Unity environment as a game development platform, single/multi-platform distribution, and an active and helpful community. With the advancement in ideologies and strategy in the game, Kings and Pigs laid down highlights and impetus for future indie games.
